Add Bitbucket Labs (#48)
actions/importer-labs: bitbucket/5-custom-transformers.md

  - __atlassian/unknown-azure-deploy__

2) What is the desired Actions syntax to use instead?
  - Upon conducting some research, you've discovered that the [Azure Web App](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/azure-webapp) and [Azure Login](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/azure-login) actions available in the marketplace offer comparable functionality.

  ```yaml
  - uses: azure/login@v1.4.6
    with:
      creds: "${{ secrets.AZURE_CREDENTIALS }}"
  - uses: azure/webapps-deploy@v2.2.5
    with:
      app-name: my-site
      package: my-package.zip
      resource-group-name: "$AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP"
  ```

  Now you can begin to write the custom transformer. Custom transformers use a DSL built on top of Ruby and should be defined in a file with the `.rb` file extension. You can create this file by running the following command in your codespace terminal:

  ```bash
  touch transformers.rb && code transformers.rb
  ```

  Next, you will define a `transform` method for the `atlassian/unknown-azure-deploy` identifier by adding the following code to `transformers.rb`:

  ```ruby

>   transform "atlassian/unknown-azure-deploy" do |item|

Reviewer: This is unrelated to your documentation of this, but I wonder if we can instead yield `|variables|` for Bitbucket, I think that would be more clear. Then they could just directly access the zip file like so: `"package" => item["ZIP_FILE"]`

Author: I had the same feeling but then I thought it might be useful to have access to the step name and step options, which would be lose if we changed it.

## Custom transformers for runners
Next, we will use a custom transformers to dictate which runners the converted workflows should use. To do this, answer the following questions:

1. What is the label of the runner in Bitbucket to change?
    - __my.custom.label__

2. What is the label of the runner in GitHub Actions to use instead?
    - __some-other-runner__

With these questions answered, you can add the following code to the `transformers.rb` file:

```ruby
runner "my.custom.label", "some.other.label"
```

In this example, the first parameter to the `runner` method is the runner label in Bitbucket and the second is the new runner label to use in GitHub Actions.

Now you can perform another `dry-run` command with the `--custom-transformers` CLI option. When you open the converted workflow the `runs-on` statement will use the customized runner label:

```bash
gh actions-importer dry-run bitbucket --output-dir tmp/dry-run --workspace actions-importer --repository python --source-file-path ./bitbucket/bootstrap/source_files/python.yml --custom-transformers transformers.rb
```

> > Note: we are using a different pipeline then before that has uses `runs-on` with the target label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: we are using a different pipeline than before that defines a `runs-on` tag with the target label.
```
